So let's talk about the differences
between the SSM Parameter store and Secrets Manager.
So Secrets Manager is more expensive,
and you're going to have the automation
of the rotation of the secrets using Lambda functions.
Some of these Lambda functions are going to be provided
out of the box.
For example, for RDS, for Redshift, or Document DB,
that have strong integrations with Secrets Manager.
So it saves you a little bit of time.
KMS encryption is going to be mandatory for your secrets
and you can integrate them with CloudFormation.
The Parameter Store has a more, has a wider type of use case
and is less expensive.
It has a simple API.
There is no secret rotation,
although I will show you in the next slide
how you can enable rotation on your own
using a Lambda function triggered by EventBridge.
KMS encryption is going to be optional
because you can store secrets
or just parameters in the Parameter Store
and it also has integration CloudFormation.
And it is possible for you to pull a Secrets Manager
from a Secret from Secrets Manager
using the SSM Parameter Store API.
This is about events.
But, so if we have a look at rotation of secrets
between the Parameter Store and Secrets Manager.
Well, first for Secrets Manager,
say we want to rotate the password
of an Amazon RDS database.
Therefore, we are going to set up Secrets Manager
to automatically invoke every 30 days a Lambda function.
Now, this Lambda function, for example, for RDS,
is provided by AWS and is deployed in your accounts by AWS.
You just need to use it using Secrets Manager.
What it will do is that it will change the password
of your Amazon RDS database.
So this is a native functionality.
And in case it is just a random secret
that is not deeply integrated with Secrets Manager,
then you need to write your own Lambda function for it.
But again, the documentation is provided by AWS.
Now, for the SSM Parameter Store,
there is no native feature to the rotation.
But let's say you were storing an RDS database password
into the SSM Parameter Store,
then what I would do would be
to create an Amazon EventBridge rule
that would be invoked every 30 days
and that will invoke a Lambda function
that you would have to write on your own
to change the password of your Amazon RDS database
and also to change the value in it
that is stored in your SSM Parameter Store.
So hopefully that makes sense into what are the differences
between the Secrets Manager and the SSM Parameter Store.
I hope you like this lecture
and I will see you in the next lecture.